Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
So I've already added the title into a one just here.
But if we have a look at the data that we've entered or the strings that we've entered into
a three a four and a five,
we can see some of them actually rely on data that we're gonna be populated with tables and
charts that we already have.
So,
to that end,
what I'm going to do is build a string to populate a three in here.
But immediately,
I'm gonna add this to a running order.
So that way we have the charts available to us when we come to write that next bit of code
.
So I'm just going to copy the name the subroutine pace into here.
I'm just gonna make sure I select the sore state sheet.
I'm gonna hit debug and run to cursor to get us down to this ad common tree,
and you can see here.
Now we have the data tables that we need to return that profit.
So f eight and I'm coming back down to here F eight f eight.
So now we're gonna add some co two range a three.
So I'll be back with you in just a second.
Okay,
guys.
And here it is.
One of donors have built it.
It built Achon.
Katyn ated string for range A three duck value saying the total profit four on we use in
the variable my month space my year,
Andi space in the space.
My region earn region waas And here are put range B 23 which is this cell here on.
We know it's always gonna be in beef 23 because we started paste in this table into a 23.
So we know that solid.
If we do change this,
so three paces a day,
24 will need to amend this.
So range B 23 dot end dot excel down dot value,
which is going to start here on go to the end of this range and therefore bring us our
profit.
So let's just test that out and I'm gonna go back inside the source sheet.
I'm going to run the code through all the way to their So where's I run?
Order something and debug room to Cassa.
Bubble,
bubble,
bubble on.
I'm gonna f eight and I'm going to run down to this here.
Andi whips.
It's this,
although scrolls that's up.
There's our title on there it is.
So the total profit for January 2016 in the northern region waas 8 to 12.28 Now it's know
exactly how we wanted to appear.
What we actually wanted to say is exactly that,
but we want tohave it formatted as currency on.
Luckily,
that's fairly straightforward to do.
So let me just hit stop on.
I'm just gonna add an underscore and bump that downturn of the line.
So this is the particular part of code that we're looking at its most definitely returned
in the right value.
It's just not returned in the correct format.
So are we going to do is have the word formats in front of it.
You see,
here's the expression.
So I'm going to come all the way over to the end,
and whatever your local currencies is perfectly fine.
I'm going to use pounds,
so I'm going to say panel,
sign in,
say,
0.0 and whips and close the quotes and then close the brackets.
So I'm just gonna delete the one that we've just created D book or delete in on a select
the source data sheet.
There we go.
And then let's room through that.
Make sure that that works.
So back up to here debug Run to cursor that gets us down to here.
F eight step all the way through there goes out title on There goes our first line of code
.
The total profit for generally 2016 in the northern region was pound sign £8212.
28 pence.
Okay,
I'm gonna build the strings for a four and a five,
and then we'll come back and we'll have a look at how we make those particular areas bold.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.